\input texinfo @c -*- Texinfo -*-
@c %**start of header
@setfilename README.info
@include project.texi

@paragraphindent none
@c %**end of header

@node Top
@top @value{PROJECT_name_formal}

@example
website:     @value{PROJECT_website}
irc:         @value{PROJECT_irc}
repo url:    @value{PROJECT_repo_url}
repo uuid:   @value{PROJECT_repo_uuid}
repo rev:    @value{PROJECT_repo_rev}
repo date:   @value{PROJECT_repo_date}
repo type:   @value{PROJECT_repo_type}
@end example

@section Introduction
@value{PROJECT_name} is a library which provides a C API to read, create
and modify MP4 files as defined by ISO-IEC:14496-1:2001 MPEG-4 Systems.
The MP4 File Format is directly based upon Apple's QuickTime multimedia
container format, having been used by a variety of platforms and applications.
It is a very powerful and extensible format which can accomodate practically
any type of media.

Once upon a time, @value{PROJECT_name} was bundled with the mpeg4ip library,
but has been branched into its own discrete library due in part to the
cessation of mpeg4ip support and also due to the usefullness of making
this a stand-alone library.

@section C API
Detailed API documentation is available as a set of man pages found
in doc/ . The MP4.3 page gives an overview of the API. Alternately you may
refer to include/mp4v2/mp4v2.h which specifies the official API.

The file maintainer/INTERNALS.txt provides an overview of what is happening
behind the API. Note that the library is implemented using C++, this is hidden
from the public interface, which is a C API.

@section Utilities
The util/ subdirectory contains some simple programs that use this library
and are built as part of the normal INSTALL process of this package
(on supported platforms). They also serve to illustrate basic usage
of the API and make good examples.

@section Installation
@value{PROJECT_name} uses GNU Autoconf build tools. The installation
procedure is described in INSTALL.txt .
