@chapter mp4chaps
This tool is used to manage mp4 chapter information, which is used to embed named seekpoints into a file, for example to identify the start of individual songs in an album or chapters in an audiobook.

@table @samp
@item --chapter-any
act on any chapter type (default).
Specifies the scope of the action to operate on all, if applicable, chapter types.

@item --chapter-qt
act on QuickTime chapters.
Specifies the scope of the action to operate on QuickTime chapters.

@item --chapter-nero
act on Nero chapters.
Specifies the scope of the action to operate on Nero chapters.
@end table

@table @samp
@item --list
list available chapters.
Example output:

@example
QuickTime Chapters of "Daft Punk - Human After All.m4a"
	Chapter #001 - 00:00:00.000 - "Human After All"
	Chapter #002 - 00:05:19.006 - "The Prime Time of Your Life"
	Chapter #003 - 00:09:42.379 - "Robot Rock"
	Chapter #004 - 00:14:30.139 - "Steam Machine"
	Chapter #005 - 00:19:50.939 - "Make Love"
	Chapter #006 - 00:24:40.939 - "The Brainwasher"
	Chapter #007 - 00:28:49.179 - "On/Off"
	Chapter #008 - 00:29:08.512 - "Television Rules The Nation"
	Chapter #009 - 00:33:56.245 - "Technologic"
	Chapter #010 - 00:38:40.605 - "Emotion"
@end example

@item --convert
convert available chapters.

@item --every NUM
create chapters every NUM seconds.

@item --export
export chapters to mp4file.chapters.txt.

@item --format-common
export chapters in native format (default).
See Appendix A for a description of the different chapter file formats.

@item --format-common
export chapters in common format.
See Appendix A for a description of the different chapter file formats.

@item --import
import chapters from mp4file.chapters.txt.

@item --remove
remove all chapters.

@end table
