@enumerate
@item
  API changes:

  @itemize @minus
  @item
    Added public API functions MP4ReadCallbacks, MP4CreateCallbacks[Ex] and MP4ModifyCallbacks[Ex] to allow working with custom I/O routines and memory buffers.

  @item
    Added public API function MP4FreeH264SeqPictHeaders to free memory allocated by MP4GetTrackH264SeqPictHeaders.
  @end itemize

@item
  General improvements:

  @itemize @minus
  @item
    I/O system:

    @itemize @minus
    @item
      Switched to ANSI C file I/O on Windows for improved performance with large files.

    @item
      Handle extended paths (prefixed with \\?\ or \\?\UNC\) on Windows.
    @end itemize

  @item
    MP4Modify behavior:

    @itemize @minus
    @item
      Attempt to truncate files if when modify reduces their size instead of filling space with a free atom.

    @item
      Attempt to keep moov atom at the start of the file if it does not increase in size.

    @item
      Do not leave empty mdat atoms behind after modify.
    @end itemize
  @end itemize

@item
  Tools improvements:

  @itemize @minus
  @item
    Write total length and additonal metadata to .chapters.txt files when exporting chapters with mp4chaps.

  @item
    Added options for modifying sort tags (sortartist, sortname etc.) to mp4tags.
  @end itemize

@item
  Documentation improvements:

  @itemize @minus
  @item
    Converted old API documentation man pages to Doxygen comments in the public header files.
  @end itemize

@item
  Build system improvements:

  @itemize @minus
  @item
    Updated the Autotools build system:

    @itemize @minus
    @item
      Fixed building as a shared library on Windows.

    @item
      Added support for pkg-config.
    @end itemize

  @item
    Added support for building with CMake.

  @item
    Upgraded Visual Studio solution and projects for Visual Studio 2022.

  @item
    Added Xcode project files.
  @end itemize

@item
  Bug fixes:

  @itemize @minus
  @item
    Fixed issues handling files with sample times exceeding 2^32.

  @item
    Fixed compile errors and warnings with newer versions of GCC/Clang.
  @end itemize

@item
  Vulnerability fixes:

  @itemize @minus
  @item
    https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2018-14054
  @item
    https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2018-14325
  @item
    https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2018-14326
  @item
    https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2018-14379
  @item
    https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2018-14403
  @item
    https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2018-14446
  @item
    https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2018-17235
  @item
    https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2018-17236
  @end itemize

@end enumerate
