@input texinfo @c -*- Texinfo -*-
@c %**start of header
@setfilename ReadMe.info
@include base/project.texi

@paragraphindent none
@c %**end of header

@majorheading @value{PROJECT_name_formal}

@example
website:     @value{PROJECT_website}
irc:         @value{PROJECT_irc}
repo url:    @value{PROJECT_repo_url}
repo uuid:   @value{PROJECT_repo_uuid}
repo rev:    @value{PROJECT_repo_rev}
repo date:   @value{PROJECT_repo_date}
repo type:   @value{PROJECT_repo_type}
@end example

@section Introduction
@value{PROJECT_name} is a library which provides a C API to read, create
and modify MP4 files as defined by ISO-IEC:14496-1:2001 MPEG-4 Systems.
The MP4 File Format is directly based upon Apple's QuickTime multimedia
container format, having been used by a variety of platforms and applications.
It is a very powerful and extensible format which can accommodate practically
any type of media.

Once upon a time, @value{PROJECT_name} was bundled with the mpeg4ip library,
but has been branched into its own discrete library due in part to the
cessation of mpeg4ip support and also due to the usefulness of making
this a stand-alone library. @value{PROJECT_name} was branched from
mpeg4ip version 1.6.1 .

@section C API
Detailed API documentation is available as a set of man pages found
in @file{doc/}. The MP4.3 page gives an overview of the API. Alternately you
may refer to @file{include/mp4v2/mp4v2.h} which specifies the official API.

The file @file{maintainer/INTERNALS.txt} provides an overview of what is
happening behind the API. Note that the library is implemented using C++,
this is hidden from the public interface, which is a C API.

@section Utilities
The @file{util/} subdirectory contains some simple programs that use this
library and are built as part of the normal INSTALL process of this package
(on supported platforms). They also serve to illustrate basic usage
of the API and make good examples.

@section Building and Installation
@* See INSTALL for general GNU autoconf installation instructions.
@* See BUILD.dist for building from a release bundle.
@* See BUILD.repo for building from the project's repository.
