@input texinfo @c -*- Texinfo -*-
@c %**start of header
@setfilename ReleaseNotes.info
@include base/article.texi
@paragraphindent none
@c %**end of header

@titlepage
@end titlepage

@majorheading @value{PROJECT.name.formal} Release Notes
@include releasenotes/intro.@value{PROJECT.repo.type}.texi
@contents

@chapter What's New?
Welcome! This is the inaugural release of @value{PROJECT.name}.

This project's goal is to continue development of a C-library named @file{libmp4v2} which was once a part of the (now defunct) MPEG4IP project. That library, and some related command-line utilities were branched from MPEG4IP version 1.6.1 to seed this project, @value{PROJECT.name}.

@chapter Breaking Changes
@section Top-level header file
This release is @b{very} compatible with MPEG4IP API, however there are some differences. Dependents of this library @b{must} must include the top-level public header file as follows. @b{This is the only supported mechanism to include the library}. We do not support attempts to manually include any sub-header files; such files are private implementation details and their naming must not be relied upon.

@example
#include <mp4v2/mp4v2.h>
@end example

@section Metadata API
The following functions have been removed and replaced with iTMF Tags and/or iTMF Generic API. Detailed documentation can be found under API modules section.

DeleteMetadataAtom(),
DeleteMetadataFreeForm(),
DeleteMetadataGenre(),
GetMetadataByIndex(),
GetMetadataCoverArt(),
GetMetadataCoverArtCount(),
GetMetadataDisk(),
GetMetadataFreeForm(),
GetMetadataGenre(),
GetMetadataString(),
GetMetadataTrack(),
GetMetadataUint16(),
GetMetadataUint8(),
MetadataDelete(),
SetMetadataCoverArt(),
SetMetadataDisk(),
SetMetadataFreeForm(),
SetMetadataGenre(),
SetMetadataString(),
SetMetadataTrack(),
SetMetadataUint16(),
SetMetadataUint8().

@section Command-line utilities
The command-line utilities have been totally rewritten and enhanced. Help usage has been made more consistent. Invoke the appropriate utility in the following fashion for more details:

@example
@i{command} --help
@end example

@appendix Changelog
@appendixsection Version 2.0
@include changelog/version-2.0.texi

@appendixsection Version 1.9
@include changelog/version-1.9.texi

@appendixsection Version 1.6
@include changelog/version-1.6.texi

@appendix SCM repository details
@example
url:  @value{PROJECT.repo.url}
root: @value{PROJECT.repo.root}
uuid: @value{PROJECT.repo.uuid}
rev:  @value{PROJECT.repo.rev}
date: @value{PROJECT.repo.date}
type: @value{PROJECT.repo.type}
@end example
